docs: recommend messageId over message for reporting rule violations (#18050)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/extend/custom-rules.md

The main method you'll use when writing custom rules is `context.report()`, which publishes a warning or error (depending on the configuration being used). This method accepts a single argument, which is an object containing the following properties:

> * `message`: (`string`) The problem message (alternative to `messageId`).
> * `messageId`: (`string`) The ID of the message (see [messageIds](#messageids)) (recommended alternative to `message`).

Reviewer: [Suggestion] Maybe put `messageId` first? That way folks already have it in mind when they come across `message`.

```suggestion
* `messageId`: (`string`) The ID of the message (see [messageIds](#messageids)) (recommended over `message`).
* `message`: (`string`) The problem message (alternative to `messageId`).
```

#### `messageId`s

> `messageId`s are the recommended alternative to typing out messages in `context.report()` calls because of the following benefits:

Reviewer 2: I think this is a bit clearer.

```suggestion
`messageId`s are the recommended approach to reporting messages in `context.report()` calls because of the following benefits:
```
